#labels Phase-Deploy
=Getting started=

==Installation==
 * Download the latest [Downloads Jkemik] update.
 * To run:
  # Open a terminal.
  # Navigate to the location of the downloaded zip file.
  # Run *unzip -r filename.zip*
  # Run *cd jkemik/*
  # The next command will launch jkemik: *./jkemik* or you can also issue *java -jar .jkemik.jar*

==Starting a new game==
 * On start, the application is in Game configuration mode. The interactive control panel below the grid board is game configuration center:
  # Players can decide on a aboard _theme_. 
  # They can select their respective _colors_. 
  # They can decide the _grid size_.
  # They can register their _names_. 
 * Once satisfied with all the game attributes, a click on the *SAVE* button initiates the game.

 * Use the *END/NEW* buttons to end a current Game and start a new one.
==Scoring==
 * *Dot Rule*: One point is earned for every captured *Dot*. 1 *Dot* = 1 Point
 * *Cell Value Rule*: The value of a captured cell equates the number of captured points within itself. Therefore the value of this *cell* is also subtracted from the score of its former owner. 
 * *Cell Wall Rule*: *Dots* that make the building blocks of a captured cell are counted as captured *Dots* for the player who is capturing the cell.
 * *Empty Cell Rule*: An empty capture is invalid 
 
      SCORING FORMULA
      Supposed: 
         * D the sum of captured *Dots*.
         * C the Sum of captured *Cell* values.

          _SCORE = D + C_   

==Settings==
 * Use the *OPTION* button to change other game settings.
   * *Max Win*: Sets the maximum score. The first player to reach this score wins the game.
   * *Auto Capture*: Turn automatic capture on.
   * *Auto Pass Turn*: Turns automatic turn switching.

==Exiting the game==
 * use the *EXIT* button to exit the application.

===ATTENTION:===

*_The currently implementation of JKemik does nod restrict a player from playing for his opponent. Therefore switching turns relies on players integrity. I will hopefully come up with a remedy to this issue at some point._

See [Rules Rules] for more details